Mario Gomez the German gold machine that
made his name in the Bundesliga and when
the Meister Charlotte was Stuttgart and
Bayern Munich here he's a top five
Bundesliga belters
Thomas for the chance he doesn't miss
from there Mario Gomez opens the scoring
on a half-hour mark bulla puts the ball
through Gomez does what Gomez does best
about so Hilbert's boss comes in from
trash that's a fantastic girl 31 seconds
played in this game stop God take the
lead Mario Gomez holy
and that's a great Japanese in cheek and
wonderfully by Mario Gomez
thirty seconds gone and that really was
a wonderful strike indeed for the
visitors
yeah it's got to fall out on the left
hand side here well that's a great ball
in at Mario Gomez
what a fantastic strike four minutes in
at the Olympius Jolyon and that is a
belting goal from Mario Gomez
good play by Gomes ago
a brilliant brilliant goal from Mario
Gomez
that can certainly be put down as one of
the goals of the month Mario Gomez
sign up now for the bundesliga youtube
channel here here yeah here here yeah
yeah